---
title: This will literally blow your mind
description: New pricing, new site, new everything
date: 2017-09-02
type: post
draft: true
#image: https://unsplash.com/photos/KpSdMeuaHRg/download?force=true
image: /article-img/1.jpg
darken: .25
---

Today, we sent out invites to test Chorale, refreshed our website, reduced pricing, and you really don't care about this text, do you?

## Invited to test

Everyone who signed up for early access has been messaged on Discord with directions on how to try Chorale.


We unfortunately can't give out more details than that, but testers know how to reach us if something is indeed wrong.

Oh, and if you're not a tester, go ahead and [sign up for early access](/early-access). Just do it, you broom. Morty. Something.

## Reduced pricing

The free plan now includes 320 kbps streaming, meaning that the free version of Chorale is now on par with Spotify’s paid $10 subscription. Don’t you love competition? I do.

In addition, the free plan now only features banner and footer ads, while all the paid plans have no ads whatsoever. Even Spotify shows ads to its paid customers on the homepage, so I think we’re already beating Spotify to the punch, huh.

## Contribute to Chorale

Want to make Chorale? Help fix bugs, add features, and help and just do stuff? [Go here](/contribute), then, gorgeous.

## Website refresh

You might’ve noticed some things look a bit different around here. We changed some colors, added more pages, more animations, just some nice before-school-begins-and-there-is-no-more-time-to-do-anything cleanup.

Along with the refresh comes a bundle of new resources, like the [Chorale Branding Guide](/brand) and, well, this blog!
